hey folks remember on my other video if
you just saw it about Paula Broadwell
when I said that now we are at a stage
in our lives we're really learning that
no one's perfect well here's another
example and unfortunately it applies to
Hope Solo one of my favorites and you
know Hope Solo fan if you follow my
videos regularly I still am but hope
went out and got married to Jeremy
Stephens ex Seattle Seahawks Titan X
Buccaneers Tynan who has a mile long rap
sheet now look no one's perfect
I've got DUIs Paris Hilton does Jon
Gruden the former coach of the Raiders
does he got it when he was coaching the
Raiders but assaulting a woman
accusations of rape fights with bouncers
that's Jeremy Stephens and I think as I
counted this guy's been arrested nine
times and he's 33 years old something
like that and he's got issues with the
law runs with law going all the way back
to high school and here I don't know if
she thinks she can fix this guy or what
maybe she knew him at the University of
Washington because the only two years
apart and they both went to Washington I
don't know but the detail was as I
understand them are this at 3:45 in the
morning Monday police recall by Markus
Sola hope solos brother because there
was an altercation apparently there were
eight very intoxicated people at hoax
house and allegedly according to hope
sellers brother Marcus he had used a
stun gun to ward off some uninvited
guests no one ever saw these guests they
left but what the police did see when
they arrived at hoax house and how do I
know it's hopes house even though the
news organization has not pinpointed his
host hopes house simple look at this
photograph this is what the Seattle
television program put up during the
news report about Hope Solo now look at
this one this photograph is of the house
that hope bought in Kirkland Washington
therefore what it was hopes house this
happened to hope solos house in Kirkland
Washington
okay now blood was on hope on her arm
they said she has a laceration on her
elbow Jeremy Stephens had blood on his
shirt there was blood on the banister
blood on the floor blood and the problem
is that no one will talk and the hope
was described by police as being
uncooperative and argumentative which
would be the first time she's been
accused of aren't being argumentative
but she was also intoxicated hope is
very lucky that police didn't decide to
take her in because they felt maybe she
needs a detox of course it was at her
house she's very lucky instead because
Jeremy Stephen said they were having an
argument regarding where they're gonna
live Florida or Washington after they
were married that day on Tuesday they
took him in on $10,000 bail or you only
have to come up with $1,000 to get out
that's 10% of the bail amount right so
he's out of jail but then hope has to
sit in court and watch her man be
treated like a common brother criminal
well which is basically what she picked
out I don't know what's going through
her head I cannot fathom that friend of
mine just says well she's crazy I don't
know I one thing I forgot about hope is
and I tweeted this to her
hey hope stop addressing people who
attack you on Twitter you can be really
nice to hope and you like a guy goes
through one ear and out the other she
doesn't care but if it mean hope she
loves it and there's some going on there
that would lead her to get in this kind
of situation and I hope it works out for
her because the other way we've already
seen one scene of what can happen again
in the future why what's the rush are
you hope are you pregnant is that why
you rushed to the altar so quickly in a
few months or no sir you started seeing
a bump from you wow I'm
guessing this why so fast why not just
give it some time I'm just wondering
it's also strange
it really is maybe she's pregnant who
knows